[NARRATOR]
Last Dragon Ball Z Kai!
Goku had fallen
into enemy hands
when an unlikely hero
swooped in; Yajirobe.
But the fight was
far from over...
With Goku still
down for the count,
Gohan tried his best,
but it was Krillin
who found himself entrusted with
everyone's last and only hope.
[GOKU] Unless you can take him
down in one shot, we're dead.
One shot, huh?
Well, here goes...
♪ Opening Song ♪
[NARRATOR] "Defeat
the Invincible Vegeta!
Work a Miracle, Gohan!"
[VEGETA chuckles]
[GOHAN panting]
I can't believe
how strong he is.
And after all that fighting
he was doing with my dad,
he's probably even too
worn out to fight his hardest.
[VEGETA] He's a
feisty little snot...
but it seems he's
reaching his limit.
Heh...
[VEGETA yells]
Masenko! Haa!
Ha! That's it?
Your final shot...?
Ahh...!
One more!
[GOHAN yells]
Damn... Unless he's
standing still...
I can't hit him...
not from here!
Huh...?
[KING KAI] You do not aim the
Spirit Bomb by what you see,
but what you feel...
Sense the evil energy
of the Saiyan and let go!
Hey! Who's there?!
[KING KAI]
I am King Kai...
I'm the one who taught Goku
how to use the Spirit Bomb.
Uh... The... actual King Kai?
[KING KAI]
Yes, thank you...
You've only got one shot
at this, so use it wisely.
Once you do it, the
spirit bomb in your hand
will determine the fate
of your entire world.
Uh...
You're saying everybody on
the planet is depending on me?
[GOHAN shudders]
[VEGETA laughs]
Join forces if you'd like...
A few more won't
make any difference...
not against an
elite like me...
You don't stand a chance.
Your fates were
decided the minute
I set foot on this
miserable planet.
[VEGETA laughs]
[KRILLIN] Okay, Krillin.
You can do this!
Feel his evil
energy and let go.
[KING KAI] You've only
got one shot at this...
so use it wisely.
[GOHAN shudders]
It's time we put
an end to this.
[VEGETA grunts]
[VEGETA yells]
[GOHAN screams]
[VEGETA grunts]
[KRILLIN shudders]
You can't run from me forever!
[KRILLIN] This has to
work! It just has to!
I've got to focus
on sensing his energy!
[explosions]
[GOHAN screams]
[YAJIROBE] That's one
massive ball of energy!
Krillin's not messin' around.
Except I don't know
what he's waitin' for...
hurry up and do
something already!
[GOHAN grunts]
[VEGETA laughs]
I hope you're watching
closely, Kakarot,
because this is the last time
you'll ever see your
pathetic excuse for a son!
I've got it!
Well, what in the heck are you
doing just standing there?!
Are you ever gonna
throw that thing or not?!
[VEGETA] Huh...?
What an idiot! Here goes!
[VEGETA yells]
What... What... is that?!
Go! Come on!
Ahh...
[KRILLIN yells]
I missed him!
[GOKU breathes deeply]
[GOHAN gasps]
[KING KAI yells]
It's hopeless!
[GOKU] Gohan! You have
to bounce it back!
[GOHAN gasps]
The Spirit Bomb was aimed
at Vegeta's evil energy.
If you don't have any
evil in you, you'll be okay.
[GOHAN shudders]
[GOHAN yells]
Ohh...!
[GOHAN groans]
[VEGETA gasps]
[VEGETA yells]
[VEGETA screams]
They did it!
Yahoo!
[KRILLIN laughs]
[KRILLIN] We did it, Goku!
We really did it!
[KRILLIN laughs]
I can't believe it!
I didn't think we could do it,
but then we did! Yeah!
[KRILLIN laughs]
[GOHAN laughs]
[GOKU] I told you,
you could do it, didn't I?
[GOHAN] Yeah...
[KRILLIN] Things got kinda
hairy there for a second,
but somehow
we pulled it off...
[GOKU] You both...
must be really exhausted.
Well... not as
much as you.
Huh...?
[thud]
[BOTH shudder]
It's him again!
It's okay
Gohan, he's dead.
[footsteps]
[KRILLIN sighs]
[KRILLIN]
You were a monster...
but I guess we can't
just leave your body here.
The least we can
do is dig you a grave.
That's a luxury you won't get!
[KRILLIN yells]
[GOHAN yells]
[KING KAI yells]
[KING KAI] But... how?
This shouldn't be possible.
Nobody can take a Spirit
Bomb head-on and survive!
[VEGETA grunts]
[VEGETA breathes heavily]
[VEGETA] I have to admit,
you really did a number on me.
For a minute there I even
thought I was done for.
[KRILLIN shudders]
[VEGETA grunts]
You may have succeeded
in wounding me,
but I still have
enough strength
to take care of a
weakling like you.
[VEGETA yells]
[KRILLIN groans]
And once I finish
all of you off here,
I'll replenish my
strength and then
come back to destroy every
living thing on this planet.
[VEGETA grunts]
[GOHAN shudders]
You've made me
use more of my power
than I have in
a very long time...
and to think that
you're just a bunch
of puny, spineless
Earth trash...
It hurts my pride.
[GOHAN shudders]
I've had enough.
I'm finished playing
your stupid little games.
Now, your time is finally up.
So... prepare to
be the first humans
lucky enough to die by my hand!
No... Please...
[GOHAN stammers]
Not... if I...
can... help it!
[GOKU groans]
G-Goku...
[VEGETA grunts]
[VEGETA yells]
[GOKU grunts]
[GOHAN yells]
[KRILLIN grunts]
[YAJIROBE yells]
[GOKU yells]
[GOHAN yells]
[loud explosion]
[rumbling]
[VEGETA grunts]
[VEGETA breathes heavily]
[VEGETA]
That attack was pathetic.
I'm weaker than I thought.
[VEGETA grunts]
All three of 'em are alive...
badly hurt, but alive.
[VEGETA breathes heavily]
[VEGETA grunts]
I'm... injured...
more than I thought...
but I have to
finish them, quickly...
now... before it's too late!
[VEGETA grunts]
[KRILLIN grunts]
[VEGETA gasps]
That... little brat!
His tail...! It grew back!
Yeah? So what?
When Goku was young...
his tail used to grow back too.
[VEGETA grunts]
[VEGETA gasps]
If he were able to
transform, he'd be trouble.
[VEGETA yells]
Huh...?!
[YAJIROBE yells]
[VEGETA screams]
[thud]
[VEGETA groans]
[YAJIROBE grunts]
[YAJIROBE gasps]
[YAJIROBE laughs]
Hey, look what
I did, everybody!
[YAJIROBE] I killed the
bad guy! Ha, Heh, Heh...
Come on...
check it out, you guys!
Look what I did!
Heh, Heh...
See, I told you
he wasn't so tough!
I'm better than you!
You hear that, Saiyan?
Nobody messes with
Yajirobe and lives!
Tough luck for you!
[YAJIROBE gasps]
[VEGETA grunts]
[VEGETA]
Why, you little...
[VEGETA grunts]
You're dead, you hear me?!
[YAJIROBE shudders]
[YAJIROBE yells]
Uh...
Woah, time out!
I was just playin'!
Hold on.
You didn't think I was really
trying to hurt you, did ya?
No way I'd ever start a fight
with a guy as strong as you!
In fact, I was thinkin' maybe
you and me could join forces!
[VEGETA yells]
[YAJIROBE groans]
[KRILLIN] Y-Yajirobe...
If you think you can spill
the royal blood of Prince Vegeta
and live to tell about it,
you are sadly mistaken.
That bastard...!
[GOKU]
Gohan, can you hear me?
Gohan!
[GOHAN] That... that
sounds like Dad's voice!
[thud]
[GOKU] Gohan, I need
you to focus for me.
Can you do that?
Yeah... I'll try.
[GOKU] See that big
ball of light in the sky?
Look at it real close, okay?
'Kay, I'm looking
at it, Dad. I see it.
[VEGETA gasps]
No, you don't!
Not if I can help it!
[VEGETA yells]
[VEGETA gasps]
No! I'm too late!
[GOHAN yells]
[VEGETA]
You little brat!
I'm not gonna let
you transform... I won't!
[GOHAN roars]
I have to kill him now,
while I still can!
[GOKU] Gohan...
It's up to you now!
It's risky to let
Gohan transform...
but... it might be
the only chance we have!
His tail...
I was so focused on
stopping his transformation
I almost forgot about it!
If I can just tear it off...
[VEGETA grunts]
[GOHAN roars]
[VEGETA shudders]
[GOHAN growls]
[GOHAN roars]
Gohan!
[KRILLIN] Oh, no...
This is bad...
Whenever Goku transformed,
he totally lost control...
He turned into
a complete monster!
[GOHAN roars]
Like father,
like son, I guess...
But is he really
out of control?
That Vegeta guy wasn't
when he transformed.
Maybe when Gohan
and Goku change,
they can't keep their Saiyan
instincts from running wild.
[GOHAN roars]
[YAJIROBE]
No! Stay away from me!
[KRILLIN] Gohan!
[GOHAN roars]
[GOKU] Gohan!
Stop! Gohan!
[GOHAN growls]
[KRILLIN] Gohan...
Not us... The Saiyan!
You have to kill the Saiyan!
[GOHAN snarls]
[GOHAN roars]
You... bastard...
Now!
[GOHAN snarls]
[GOHAN roars]
Ahhh...!
[VEGETA groans]
Alright!
Either we're really
lucky or there's still
a little bit of Gohan
in there somewhere.
His human half must be putting
up one heck of a fight!
[GOHAN roars]
[VEGETA groans]
The moon I created won't go
out for at least another hour.
If I want to end this
before he crushes me,
I have to get to his tail.
[GOHAN roars]
[VEGETA yells]
[VEGETA laughs]
[GOHAN roars]
Ah!
[VEGETA yells]
[GOHAN roars]
[thud]
[VEGETA groans]
[GOHAN roars]
One more... attack!
Take this!
[GOHAN roars]
Huh...?
No! He's going to land
right on top of me!
[VEGETA yells]
[crash]
[rumbling]
Uh... Why'd it get all quiet?
Heh... Heh...
He... He did it!
[VEGETA grunts]
[beeping]
[VEGETA exhales heavily]
[KRILLIN]
He's still alive?
Huh...?
What is that thing?
[VEGETA] Finally.
[VEGETA grunts]
I can't believe it.
I never dreamed a battle against
humans could come to this.
[thud]
[KRILLIN grunts]
Me... Prince Vegeta...
The greatest warrior
in the universe
is actually being
forced to retreat.
[VEGETA grunts]
Wait...That pod must
be his spaceship.
He's trying to get away!
[VEGETA grunts]
Ah...
No... He has to pay for
everything he's done.
Time... to finish... him off!
[VEGETA grunts]
[VEGETA panting]
[KRILLIN]
Stop right there!
[VEGETA grunts]
[KRILLIN panting]
[KRILLIN] You monster...
You killed my friends.
Now it's your turn!
Can't... move...
I don't have any power left!
[KRILLIN screams]
♪ Closing Song ♪
[GOKU]
Hey, it's Goku!
Krillin, Gohan...
I'm proud of you
for making it this far.
[KRILLIN] I just
wish everybody else had.
[GOHAN] And I wish
Piccolo was still here.
Then Kami and the Dragon
Balls would be here, too.
[KRILLIN] I have an idea.
It's a long shot,
but if it works,
we might be able to find
some more Dragon Balls!
[GOKU] Next time,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai!
"Dawn of a Fierce Battle!
The Star of Hope is
Piccolo's Homeland!"
[GOHAN] Hey Dad,
where is Planet Namek, anyway?